
nuclearWasteHanfordWA.csv
  For 9 counties with frontage on the Columbia River or the Pacific Ocean,
  an index of exposure is provided (based on county's stream distance
  from the nuclear waste area in Hanford, WA and the avg. distance its
  population lives from the water frontage) and a count of cancer mortalities
  per 100,000 inhabitants is given.

  This data makes a good illustration of linear a linear relationship.

shoshoniRectangles.csv
  This list gives the width-to-length ratios for 20 rectangles found on
  Shoshoni handicraft.  It has an average of 0.661.

  The list of data has no header.  It is just one variable, as described above.

  Good for testing the hypothesis that the golden ratio 0.618 is a universal
  aesthetic standard.

transylvaniaEffect.csv
  Admission rates (in patients per day) to the emergency room of a Virginia
  mental health clinic are given for each month Aug. 1971 to July 1972,
  broken down by whether it was the period prior to a full moon, during
  the full moon, or following the full moon.

  Use to illustrate 1-way ANOVA(?)

ncaaFirstRound.csv
  The number of first-round winners who were seeded 10th-14th in their
  regions is given for each year since 1985, the year that the NCAA
  tournament began admitting 64 teams.

illusion.csv
  This is data from a randomized block experiment.  See Case Study 12.2.1
  on p. 536 of "An Introduction to Mathematical Statistics and Its
  Applications", by Larsen and Marx for details.

salesAndPrice.csv
  This is data from a two-way design.  Students were given information
  about supermarket products, including promotions of that product via
  a sale (discounts), and the amount of discount during the promotion.
  What varied between treatment groups is the number of times the
  products were promoted at a discount, and the discounted level.  The
  response was how much students were willing to pay for the items.
  The data was taken from Exercise 13.15, p. 821 in Moore/McCabe.

  variables:
    price - what students expect to pay
	promos - Number of promotions students were subjected to;
			 levels are 1, 3, 5 and 7.
	discount - percentage price was discounted; levels = 10, 20, 30, 40.

companyTraning.csv
  A firm wishes to compare four programs for training workers to perform a
  certain manual task.  Twenty new employees are randomly assigned to the
  training programs, with 5 in each program.  At the end of the training
  period, a test is conducted to see how quickly trainees can perform the
  task.  The number of times the task is performed per minute is recorded
  for each trainee.

  variables:
    program - program to which employee was assigned, numbered 1 through 4
    iterations - number of times employee performed task per minute
